[#1692] add document bulk import delete endpoint (#1693)
open-zaak/open-zaak: docs/installation/reference/import.rst

See the `API documentation`_ for more details.

**Deleting an Import**

When an ``Import`` instance has the status ``finished``, ``error`` or ``pending``
it can be deleted. Deletion of ``Import`` instances that are older than 7 days

> and have one of the above mentioned statusses is done in the background through
> a daily ocurring task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and have one of the above mentioned statuses is done in the background through
a daily occurring task.
```
